All right, in the last section, we have finish the court this component.
We got the image, the overview, we truncated the overview, we've got the title, the release date,
we've got an icon from hero icons and also we got the vote counts in this section.
We're going to style this car and also make it responsive when we have a bigger screen and the.
We change the background color and et cetera.
All right.
Let's first go to the top level, which is here and the contact, yes.
And let's add some padding.
First.
We add padding three.
You can see now.
Actually, now we are designing the mobile version first, and later we're going to go to the larger
screens.
So we have padding here.
And also, I want some padding for this section as well.
So here we add some padding to.
Which is I believe it's eight pics of SIA padding, eight pictures.
All right.
And, uh, yeah, let's change the background color.
So we go back to results that.
And here we had a class.
We change the background color is the same as the Heather.
So the background color would be gray and 700.
All right.
Then we have the text color to be great.
Two hundred.
Let's go to Carter chance and make this
overview a little bit bigger.
So after the truncated at large.
All right.
And then be changed at home, uh, texts too large as well.
And also make it bold by using font.
Pulled.
All right.
And let's bring everything next to each other this section.
So we need to make it make them.
Flex.
So first, we make them flex to come next to each other.
And we, as you can see here.
The icon is a little bit, uh, upper than the other section, so we can fix this file by using Item
Center, which is equal to text and a line item center and CSC.
And also, let's ask some marching left for the.
This thumbs up, the margin left would be three.
And marching right to be to.
Or just one is enough.
All right.
This one looks OK.
And also, we want to remove the ability to select which is annoying in the mobile.
So in the result, yes, here we at Select.
None.
So we can have selected.
And in the context, yes, let's add the ability to hover, so we just say here at the top.
We just say if someone holler.
Let's change the text color to be white.
And also, it's at the cursor to be pointer.
So when we hover over the element, we see a pointing hand.
They say they're different, and also, let's add the active.
Sued a class for changing the color to red.
We just say active text.
Rent four hundred.
So when we click on there, we see the color change to red.
All right.
That's looks OK now, we just need to make it responsive, because now when we increase the size, you
see that image increase.
Yes, we are, but we want it to be in.
Two columns went like we are in the tablet sized three columns.
And finally, four columns and five columns, and we have a huge screen, so that is very easy as well.
We just need to go to resolve that.
Yes.
And here.
We just say if the screen is bigger than a small.
We want the we want it to be great.
And also, we want to create columns.
To be to.
Let's check.
So we increased the size and slowly went as soon as we get to the size bigger than small.
We get two columns.
Let's continue this one.
So we're going to we want to have the three columns.
So we just say great columns, three, when we have a size modern, large.
All right.
And also, we want four columns when we have size more than six large, so we have created for.
So now we have a full screen, which is x large.
We have four columns.
And finally.
We want to have.
Five colors when we have X-Class, which is in bigger screens, monitors or in a 4K TV or whatever,
we just say great calls.
Five.
So now if we decrease the zoom level, we can get the five columns and let's add some, so some zooming
effect when we hover over the car, when we we are in the large size or.
So we just say when we have a screen more than x light, which is here.
Let's to.
Let's change this scale.
Lists changed his skill to be a hundred and five percent, so now.
Actually, we shouldn't do here, we should do it inside the and continents, you know.
That is actually wrong.
Let's remove this.
And inside the car, we should do it, so in the top level, in the car they see when we have this screen
more than next large.
And we hover over the element.
Let's.
Increase the scale.
Two hundred and five percent.
Now we see the change.
Yeah, here and actually in the two weeks large, we get the same team as well.
But let's make it more s'mores by adding some transition.
That is simple too.
We just need to right transition and transition and transform property because a skill is a part of
transform.
And do you want the duration to be two hundred milliseconds?
No, when we hover, we see that beautiful animation and smiles zooming effect.
But we don't have this effect when we have a smaller screen because it doesn't make sense in the mobile
screen because we don't have a mouse when we're using a website inside and mobile.
We're just using the touch screen.
All right.
That was it for our project.
Uh, in the next section, we are going to add the project to the.
And.
First, sell and deploy it and also get a custom URL.
So we can have a real you out for our Web site.
Let's say before finishing, let's at this.
To the guitar.
So we just take it at all, then we get come, it's.
And the message is.
Uh, just a complete.
The card components.
And make it.
Responsive.
I'll make the websites response or make the results section responsive.
And finally, we use get push to push it to the.
Get up and refresh it here.
We have now.
Nine comments, click on comments.
And here we see our last comment, which is in 18 seconds ago.
As you can see, we just style it, it's style different section, like can't yes, and also resolved
that jazz.
That in the next section, we're going to deploy the website to Verso Seotioa in the next section.